not
hello today we will cook
vegetarian soup to taste
she is very similar to traditionally accepted
butt with fish but in this ear you are not
find an eye or other types of parts
vegetarian ear is prepared quickly in
for 30 minutes this dish is not only
very tasty and aromatic but also healthy
light and nutritious for cooking
soup we need potatoes and rice
carrot leaves nori
salt pepper vegetable oil root
parsley and dill, so let's start with
the fact that we need to clean the vegetables
carrots potatoes and parsley root
cut carrot cubes or me more
like the little ones like that
segments
also cut the potatoes into small ones
diced and parsley root cut
derivative small pieces
main flavor ingredient
vegetarian cuisine is of course
leaves nori 2 snow ear completely Kiryuha
this warehouse all three sheets together and
scissor them into strips
put them aside they are us
will need the very end when the water in
pan boil must be discarded
carrots and chopped root pieces
parsley and leave them on for five minutes
time finely chop the dill and
we will help the deterioration at the very end now
need to throw potatoes and
pre-washed rice
salt and add vegetable oil
top forms an oily shell
thanks to which potatoes and rice
cooked much faster do the average
fire and cover by the way instead
rice you can add a soul but it will also
very tasty as soon as potatoes
cooked add a song
cut the sea into small squares
pepper add greens
turn off the heat and cover and give
brew for 10-15 minutes
when serving, pour out the prepared soup
on plates and sprinkle with chopped
greens
i wish you bon appetite and with
looking forward to your comments on
about the taste of this dish and the food
hello bye